Building a website can be done in 10 simple steps:
1) Select a domain name and web hosting plan
2) Complete a sitemap
3) List your products
4) Write product descriptions
5) Create a user account
6) Build the template
7) Start building the website
8) Advertise the website
9) Provide email support
10) Submit the website to search engines
A website is a collection of web pages that are formatted with HTML. HTML is the code that defines what the website looks like and how it behaves.
The HTML code is formatted into a template or a format. Once this is done, it is displayed on the user's browser.
The web pages are stored in a web server. The web server is also called a host. When the website is accessed, it is retrieved from the server and displayed on the user's computer.
A website is known as a website when it is hosted. This means that it is displayed on a host. The host is usually a web server.
A website can be displayed on different browsers. The browsers are basically the software that renders the website on the user's screen.
A website can also be viewed on different devices such as desktops, tablets and smartphones.
Hence, to have a website displayed on a browser, the website must be hosted.
A domain name is an address of a website. It is the name of the website.
The website is known as a website when it is hosted. This means that it is displayed on a host. The host is usually a web server.
A website can be displayed on different browsers. The browsers are basically the software that renders the website on the user’s screen.
A website can also be viewed on different devices such as desktops, tablets and smartphones. Hence, to have a website displayed on a browser, the website must be hosted.
A domain name is an address of a website. It is the name of the website.
A website is an address of a website. It is a collection of web pages that are formatted with HTML. HTML is the code that defines what the website looks like and how it behaves.
The HTML code is formatted into a template or a format. Once this is done, it is displayed on the user’s browser.
A website is known as a website when it is hosted